In the last video, you saw how to compute
the prediction on a neural network,
given a single training example.
In this video, you see how to vectorize
across multiple training examples.
And the outcome will be quite similar to
what you saw for logistic regression.
Whereby stacking up different training
examples in different columns of
the matrix, you'd be able to take the
equations you had from the previous video.
And with very little modification, change
them to make the neural network compute
the outputs on all the examples on
pretty much all at the same time.
So let's see the details
on how to do that.
These were the four equations we have from
the previous video of how you compute z1,
a1, z2 and a2.
And they tell you how,
given an input feature back to x,
you can use them to generate a2 =y hat for
a single training example.
Now if you have m training examples,
you need to repeat this process for
say, the first training example.
x superscript (1) to compute
y hat 1 does a prediction on
your first training example.
Then x(2) use that to generate
prediction y hat (2).
And so on down to x(m) to
generate a prediction y hat (m).
And so in all these activation
function notation as well,
I'm going to write this as a[2](1).
And this is a[2](2),
and a(2)(m), so
this notation a[2](i).
The round bracket i refers
to training example i,
and the square bracket 2
refers to layer 2, okay.
So that's how the square bracket and
the round bracket indices work.
And so to suggest that if you have
an unvectorized implementation and
want to compute the predictions
of all your training examples,
you need to do for i = 1 to m.
Then basically implement
these four equations, right?
You need to make a z[1](i)
= W(1) x(i) + b[1],
a[1](i) = sigma of z[1](1).
z[2](i) = w[2]a[1](i)
+ b[2] andZ2i equals w2a1i plus b2 and
a[2](i) = sigma point of z[2](i).
So it's basically these four equations
on top by adding the superscript round
bracket i to all the variables that
depend on the training example.
So adding this superscript round
bracket i to x is z and a,
if you want to compute all the outputs
on your m training examples examples.
What we like to do is vectorize this whole
computation, so as to get rid of this for.
And by the way, in case it seems like
I'm getting a lot of nitty gritty
linear algebra, it turns out that
being able to implement this
correctly is important in
the deep learning era.
And we actually chose notation
very carefully for this course and
make this vectorization
steps as easy as possible.
So I hope that going through this
nitty gritty will actually help you to
more quickly get correct implementations
of these algorithms working.
All right so let me just copy this whole
block of code to the next slide and
then we'll see how to vectorize this.
So here's what we have from
the previous slide with the for
loop going over our m training examples.
So recall that we defined
the matrix x to be equal
to our training examples stacked
up in these columns like so.
So take the training examples and
stack them in columns.
So this becomes a n, or
maybe nx by m diminish the matrix.
I'm just going to give away the punch line
and tell you what you need to implement in
order to have a vectorized
implementation of this for loop.
It turns out what you
need to do is compute
Z[1] = W[1] X + b[1],
A[1]= sig point of z[1].
Then Z[2] = w[2]
A[1] + b[2] and
then A[2] = sig point of Z[2].
So if you want the analogy is that
we went from lower case vector xs
to just capital case X matrix by stacking
up the lower case xs in different columns.
If you do the same thing for
the zs, so for example,
if you take z[1](i), z[1](2), and so
on, and these are all column vectors,
up to z[1](m), right.
So that's this first quantity that all
m of them, and stack them in columns.
Then just gives you the matrix z[1].
And similarly you look
at say this quantity and
take a[1](1), a[1](2) and so on and
a[1](m), and stacked them up in columns.
Then this, just as we went from
lower case x to capital case X, and
lower case z to capital case Z.
This goes from the lower case a,
which are vectors to this capital A[1],
that's over there and
similarly, for z[2] and a[2].
Right they're also obtained
by taking these vectors and
stacking them horizontally.
And taking these vectors and
stacking them horizontally,
in order to get Z[2], and E[2].
One of the property of this
notation that might help
you to think about it is that
this matrixes say Z and A,
horizontally we're going to
index across training examples.
So that's why the horizontal index
corresponds to different training example,
when you sweep from left to right you're
scanning through the training cells.
And vertically this vertical index
corresponds to different nodes in
the neural network.
So for example, this node,
this value at the top most,
top left most corner of the mean
corresponds to the activation
of the first heading unit on
the first training example.
One value down corresponds to the
activation in the second hidden unit on
the first training example,
then the third heading unit on
the first training sample and so on.
So as you scan down this is your
indexing to the hidden units number.
Whereas if you move horizontally, then
you're going from the first hidden unit.
And the first training example
to now the first hidden unit and
the second training sample,
the third training example.
And so on until this node here corresponds
to the activation of the first
hidden unit on the final train example and
the nth training example.
Okay so the horizontally the matrix
A goes over different training examples.
And vertically the different
indices in the matrix
A corresponds to different hidden units.
And a similar intuition holds true for
the matrix Z as well as for
X where horizontally corresponds
to different training examples.
And vertically it corresponds to
different input features which
are really different than those of
the input layer of the neural network.
So of these equations, you now know
how to implement in your network
with vectorization, that is
vectorization across multiple examples.
In the next video I want to show you
a bit more justification about why
this is a correct implementation
of this type of vectorization.
It turns out the justification would be
similar to what you had seen [INAUDIBLE].
Let's go on to the next video.